# hello-world
I'm creating a new repositary as an exercise in learning how to utilize GitHub
Beginning in 1970 I started working on a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering at the Multnomah School of Engineering at the University of Portland in Portland OR.  Following my graduation in that program in May of 1974 I was offerred a position at Stauffer Chemical Co. as a Plant Engineer.  That lasted 1 year and 3 days because the Plant Manager turned out to be an imbecile with an 8th grade education.  I quit that job and was admitted to the Graduate Program to earn an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering.  I graduated from that program in May of 1977 with an offer in my pocket to work on a Ph.D. in Materials Science & Engineering at Stanford University funded by the National Science Foundation.  In that program my primary focus was on the initiation and growth of surface fatigue microcracks in structural metals using measurements of the acoustic scattering of Rayleigh Waves from initiating cracks being stress-cycled in an MTR Servohydraulic Testing Machine.  I completed that project with a 98 pp. Doctoral Thesis and was awarded my Ph.D. in January of 1983.  Subsequent to that I wrote a proposal to the Department of Energy and was awarded $575 thousand dollars to fund a 4 year position as a Post-Doc at Stanford which was a bridge between the Mechanical Engineering Dept. and the Materials Science Dept.  That's only the beginning of my story and I am content to leave this narrative as is to complete this portion of my GitHub assignment.
